Welcome back in the previous task you work on in putting
additional information such a skills and languages into your
resume.
In this test test number six, we will create a reference
section on page two of the resume and less three references
using a table not go to the second page and in empty space
at the very bottom of the document, going to click once
so you can find that the cursor moves at the very end here,
which is the very last empty line of the document.
Great now, with the cursor there, let's go ahead and type
in the new section.
We want to create called references.
Let's follow the other headings and it's used all caps
because references is a section just like projects
or education in our is me.
Let's give it the same format, have you click on projects
and you look at the very top and the styles dropped the menu.
It's using a style called heading one heading one or styles
are a combination of formats settings.
So for heading one, it's using a fungible consents font size
of nine bold format and a text color of blue.
We wanna play that two references.
So that's good in highly references and go to the Styles
menu, and it's click on heading one.
Great. Now we do want to center.
The reference is heading to the middle of the page,
so with reference is still highly highlighted.
Let's go to the top, right and this.
Click on this triple dot menu, and we look for the align
settings and will select center line.
Great. Now let's click at the end of references to move
the cursor there.
Press the enter key wants to move over to the new line,
and the cursor should be at the left again.
Now we're going to insert a table, so go to the very top menu
for insert.
Click there, navigate to table and hover your mouse
over the square box until you see a
three but one configuration and click ones that will apply
or insert a table from where your cursor was last.
So now we have a table of three columns or three cellblocks.
Each Khanum will hold a reference.
A reference is a personal contact that can vote for your
skills and work experience.
If you are a potential candidate for a job.
A manager or HR representative will call your references
to confirm the information and resume.
A resume should have a minimum of three references listed.
I remember.
Always ask your references first before you list them.
So if you have your references in mine, go ahead and add your
1st 1 here.
If you don't, you can go ahead and follow along with me
and we'll add one.
Glenn enter in broad meals.
Exline type in 19 Manager Next line is her name
of the company he's working for and his PMO address.
Use at gmail dot com and would give him a phone number.
Do 95553 and two 690 And there we have our first reference.
Now, once you're done adding your first reference, go ahead
and add additional references.
Two more in the next column, one reference for here
and another reference if we're here now again,
If you don't have any, let's go ahead and similarly this
by copying this reference right click.
Copy that, and it's paste it in these empty columns, right
click paste and right click, and they're on paste.
And now we have three references.
Now If you do need more time to entering your references, go
ahead and pause this video.
Now, once you're done adding your references, let's go ahead
and get rid of the borderlines so that it looks a lot more
professional.
So I'm going to hold down my mouse key.
I left click hold down and drag over to select the entire
table. And once those tell box are all selected, you see
a drop down arrow key here at the top.
Right? Click on that once, and this will allow you to select
the borders were gonna select this option which says, Select
all porters Click that once and the other borderlines air
highlighted or selected.
I'm gonna go to the very top to see some border option menus
here I'm gonna sleep border with, and we're going to give it
a zero point size which will remove the porter lines.
Click on that once and you can click outside the table
and you have not removed the line and also de selected
the border.
Great. You are now done with task number six.
You've added three references using a table and turned out
the border lines of the table for more professional Look,
if you need more time to add a references, you can still
posits video.
But in the next task, we will work on adding page numbers.
Do the resume.